projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/field-string-wysiwyg/field-string-wysiwyg.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/field-string-wysiwyg/field-string-wysiwyg.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/field-string-wysiwyg/field-string-wysiwyg.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor-helpers.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/field-string-wysiwyg/field-string-wysiwyg.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/field-string-wysiwyg/field-string-wysiwyg.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/field-string-wysiwyg/field-string-wysiwyg.scss
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger.interface.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger.interface.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/rx-debug-dbg.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/rx-debug-dbg.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/environments/environment.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-noop.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-noop.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-noop.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-noop.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger.interface.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-noop.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/rx-debug-dbg.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-noop.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-noop.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger.interface.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/environments/environment.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-noop.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-real.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger.interface.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-specs.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/output-console.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/rx-debug-dbg.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/class/class-logger.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/output-console.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger-real.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/fn/fn-logger.interface.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/state-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-specs.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/state-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-specs.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/raw-editor-options-extended.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/translation-loader.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/connector/adam.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/display-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/shared/helpers.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor-helpers.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.html
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.scss
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/fix-menu-positions.helper.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/skin-overrides.scss
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/plumb-editor/plumb-editor.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-unknown.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/environments/environment.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-settings.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/app-info.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-info.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-type.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/permissions-count.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/polymorphism.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/query.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view-usage-data.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view-usage.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/web-api-details.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/web-api.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-settings.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature-summary.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-settings.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/permissions-count.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-type.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-type.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-type.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/permissions-count.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/go-to-metadata.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/models/metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/go-to-metadata.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/go-to-metadata.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.routing.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-dialog.config.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.routing.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-dialog.config.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-reload.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-route-matchers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history-dialog.config.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-config.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-url-params.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type-attribute.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-dimension.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity-attributes.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-for.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-item.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-type.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-value.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-values.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-attributes-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-attributes-of-type-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-content-type-attributes-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-content-type-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-bundle-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-values-dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-attributes-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-attributes-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-attributes-of-type-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-content-type-attributes-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-content-type-attributes-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-content-type-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-bundle-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-bundle-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-bundle-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/create-metadata-dialog/create-metadata-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/create-metadata-dialog/create-metadata-dialog.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/create-metadata-dialog/create-metadata-dialog.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/create-metadata-dialog/create-metadata-dialog.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/models/content-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/models/content-item.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/models/content-item.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/models/content-item.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-entity-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/eav-values-dto.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type-attribute.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type-attribute.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type-attribute.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity-attributes.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity-attributes.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-item.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-item.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-item.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-value.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-value.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-values.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-values.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/session.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/session.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-observable-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/file-type.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-field.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-mask.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/sanitize.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/url.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/Adam.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/Dropzone.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Adam.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamConfig.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Adam.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamItem.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Dropzone.ts → projects/edit-types/src/DropzoneConfigExt.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/constants/picker-config-model.constants.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts → projects/edit-types/src/DropdownOption.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerModeTree.ts
projects/edit-types/src/DropdownOption.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/rx.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/data-with-loading.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-more-fields-helper.ts
projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-app.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-settings.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature-summary.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-settings.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-global.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-global.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-global.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-settings.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-global.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-global.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/session.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/edit-types/src/BasicControlSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/edit-types/src/BasicControlSettings.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation-messages.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/rx.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation-messages.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation-messages.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts → projects/edit-types/src/DropdownOption.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/guid.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-analyzer.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-updates.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-picker-updater.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/item.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/item.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/item.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/edit-types/src/InputTypeName.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/edit-types/src/InputTypeName.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/rx.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity-attributes.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-observable-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-observable-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-observable-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-updater.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/save-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/dimension-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/dimension-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/dimension-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-dimension.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity-attributes.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-value.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-values.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/dimension-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-writer.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-engine.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrapper.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrapper.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrapper.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrapper.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrapper.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/metadata-decorators.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/designer-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-v1-snippets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-result.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-result.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-item.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.builder.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/source-code-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/source-code-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/designer-state.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-v1-snippets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-v1-snippets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-v1-snippets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-v1-snippets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-developer-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-developer-helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-developer-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-developer-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-developer-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-developer-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/data-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-field.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature-security.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature-summary.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-field.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-field.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-field.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-experimental-object.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/editor-intellisense-function-v2.rawts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-context.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-data.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/intellisense-v2.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-run-experimental.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-exec-specs.factory.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/update-env-vars-from-dialog-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-url-params.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-entity.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/update-env-vars-from-dialog-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/update-env-vars-from-dialog-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/save-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/store/signal-store-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-update.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-field-picker.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-one-helpers.factory.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/run/formula-objects-internal-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-run-field.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/cache/formula-cache.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-value-corrections.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-handler.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/promise/formula-promise-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-content-type.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-engine-cycle.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-values-modified.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-settings.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-settings.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-settings.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-settings.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-constants.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-field-visibility.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/difference.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/computed-cache.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-signals.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-updates.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-updates.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-properties-updates.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-picker-updater.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-picker-updater.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-picker-updater.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-picker-updater.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings-picker-updater.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-more-fields-helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-more-fields-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-more-fields-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/rx.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/reorder-index.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/array.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/query.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/query.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/query.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/query-stream.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/query.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/query-stream.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/content-type-settings.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-mask.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-mask.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-mask.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-mask.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/url.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-config.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/compare-with.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/item-history-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/version.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/services/versions.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/compare-with.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/history-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/item-history.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/version.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/services/versions.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/services/versions.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/version.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-config.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/edit-initializer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/toggle-debug.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/user-preferences.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type-item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/json-format-v1/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation-messages.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/metadata-decorators.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/save-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/footer-preferences.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/form-slide.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/keyboard-shortcuts.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-save-errors/snack-bar-save-errors.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-save-errors/snack-bar-save-errors.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-unsaved-changes/snack-bar-unsaved-changes.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-unsaved-changes/snack-bar-unsaved-changes.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/toggle-debug.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-action.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-actions-content.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-trigger-content.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-trigger.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-action.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-actions-content.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-trigger-content.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial-trigger.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/user-preferences.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/user-preferences.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/state-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/2sxc/Material-Icon-Adam-48-filled.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/2sxc/Material-Icon-Adam-48-outlined.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/draft-branch.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-archive.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-audio.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-code.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-excel.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-image.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-pdf.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-powerpoint.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-text.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-video.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-word.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/file.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/folder-plus.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/folder.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/load-icons.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/assets/icons/font-awesome/sitemap.svg
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/field-init-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-builder.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/item.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-translation-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-translation-info.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-translation-info.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-translation-info.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/field-translation-info.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/mousedown-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/change-anchor-target.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-data.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/entity-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-component/entity-form.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/query.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-default/custom-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-connector.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/fields-builder.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/injector-bundle.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-default/custom-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-default/empty-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-message/empty-message.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/feature-warning/feature-warning-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hidden/hidden-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/input-components.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/localization-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-indicator/feature-icon-indicator.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-disabled-warning-dialog/auto-translate-disabled-warning-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu/translate-menu.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-indicator/feature-icon-indicator.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-indicator/feature-icon-indicator.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/clipboard.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-info-dialog/feature-info-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/services/feature-detail.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/clipboard.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/copy-to-clipboard.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/services/feature-detail.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/services/feature-detail.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-text-info/feature-text-info.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-context.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/keyboard-shortcuts.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/snack-bar-warning-demo/snack-bar-warning-demo.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-text-info/feature-text-info.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-text-info/feature-text-info.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-text-info/feature-text-info.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/field-reader.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/snack-bar-warning-demo/snack-bar-warning-demo.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/translate-helper.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/keyboard-shortcuts.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translate-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/translation-link.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/change-anchor-target.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-base.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-default-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-default/boolean-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/boolean-tristate/boolean-tristate-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-default/custom-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-default/custom-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-default/custom-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-default/custom-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/snippet.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/tooltip.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/typescript-helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-instance.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/typescript-helpers/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/typescript-helpers/name-of.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-instance.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-instance.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/snippet.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-instance.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/tooltip.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/custom-json-editor/custom-json-editor-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/date-adapter-api.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/date-adapter-api.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/date-adapter-api.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-adapter.module.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/date-adapter-api.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-formats.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-adapter.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-adapter.module.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-adapter.module.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/date-adapters/mat-dayjs-date-adapter/mat-dayjs-date-formats.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/datetime-default/datetime-default-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-default/empty-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-message/empty-message.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-message/empty-message.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-message/empty-message.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/empty-message/empty-message.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-dialog/picker-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text/picker-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/mousedown-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/picker-list.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-list/reorder-index.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/global-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-tree.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-preview/picker-item-preview.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-tree.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-icon-help/picker-icon-help.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-icon-info/picker-icon-info.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-buttons/picker-item-buttons.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-preview/picker-item-preview.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-icon-help/picker-icon-help.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-icon-help/picker-icon-help.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-icon-info/picker-icon-info.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-icon-info/picker-icon-info.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-preview/picker-item-preview.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-preview/picker-item-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerModeTree.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-tree.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerModeTree.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-tree.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-tree/picker-tree-data-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text/picker-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text/picker-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text/picker-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-checkboxes/picker-checkboxes.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-pills/picker-pills.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-radio/picker-radio.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text-toggle/picker-text-toggle.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-preview/picker-preview.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text/picker-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-checkboxes/picker-checkboxes.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-checkboxes/picker-checkboxes.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-checkboxes/picker-checkboxes.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-checkboxes/picker-checkboxes.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-header.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-checkboxes/picker-checkboxes.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-pills/picker-pills.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-part-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-radio/picker-radio.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-radio/picker-radio.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-radio/picker-radio.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-radio/picker-radio.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-inline/picker-inline-header.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-radio/picker-radio.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-item-label/picker-item-label.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text-toggle/picker-text-toggle.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text-toggle/picker-text-toggle.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-text-toggle/picker-text-toggle.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-search/picker-search.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-app-assets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-entity.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-number.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-string.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/constants/picker-config-model.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data-setup.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-data.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-app-assets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/data-with-loading.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-app-assets.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/rx.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/query.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/data-with-loading.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/css/string-font-icon-picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/css/string-font-icon-picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-css.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/css/string-font-icon-picker.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/css/string-font-icon-picker.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/css/string-font-icon-picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-empty.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-empty.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/data-with-loading.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-mask.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-entity-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/query-stream.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/data-with-loading.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-query.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-entity-query-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-string.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/models/picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/data-adapter-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/entity-basic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-masks-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-entity.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-noop.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-noop.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-number.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-number.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-number.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-features.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-number.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-number.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-number-array.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-number-array.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-number-array.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-adapter-string.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-string-array.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-string-array.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-string-array.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/adapters/state-ui-mapper-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerModeTree.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-tools.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/constants/picker-config-model.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-parser-csv.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/data-sources/data-source-parser-csv.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-content-blocks/entity-content-blocks-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-picker/entity-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-query/entity-query-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/custom-gps-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/external-web-component.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/EavCustomInputField.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldConfig.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts
projects/edit-types/src/EavCustomInputField.ts → projects/edit-types/src/Connector.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Connector.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ConnectorData.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Connector.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ConnectorDialog.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Connector.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts
projects/edit-types/src/Connector.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldConfig.ts
projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts → projects/edit-types/src/Adam.ts
projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts → projects/edit-types/src/Dropzone.ts
projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts → projects/edit-types/src/InputTypeName.ts
projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PagePickerResult.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldConfig.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldConfig.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/edit-types/src/FieldConfig.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/Connector.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ConnectorData.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ConnectorDialog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/ExperimentalProps.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldConfig.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/load-scripts.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-configuration.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector-instance.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/scripts-loader.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/load-scripts.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/custom-gps-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/custom-gps-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/custom-gps-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamItem.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/external-web-component/string-wysiwyg-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-with-init.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-with-init.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamItem.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-with-init.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamItem.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/element-event-listener.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamItem.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/page-picker/page-picker.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/AdamConfig.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-library/hyperlink-library-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-default/number-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-dropdown/number-dropdown-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/logging.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/number-picker/number-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/constants/picker-config-model.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-logic-shared.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-default/string-default-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown-query/string-dropdown-query-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-dropdown/string-dropdown.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/entity-default/entity-default-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/PickerSources.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-font-icon-picker/string-font-icon-picker-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker-providers.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/picker/picker.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-picker/string-picker-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/file-asset.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/predefined-template.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/preview.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/source-view.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/predefined-template.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/preview.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/services/source.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/field-hint/field-hint.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/mat-input-autofocus.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/file-location-dialog/file-location-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/file-location-dialog/file-location-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/create-file-dialog.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/code-editor/models/predefined-template.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/file-location-dialog/file-location-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/create-file-dialog/file-location-dialog/file-location-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/field-hint/field-hint.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.constants.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-template-picker/string-template-picker.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-metadata.decorator.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path-logic.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/string-url-path/string-url-path-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-hint/adam-hint.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-connector.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/dropzone-helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-connector.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-connector.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/dropzone-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/dropzone-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/dropzone-helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-browser/adam-browser.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-hint/adam-hint.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-hint/adam-hint.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/adam/adam-hint/adam-hint.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone/dropzone-wysiwyg.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/viewport.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/connector/connector.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone-dragging.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/content-expand.animation.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/expandable-wrapper.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone-dragging.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/content-expand.animation.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone-dragging.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone-dragging.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/element-event-listener.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/feature-warning/feature-warning-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon/feature-icon.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/feature-warning/feature-warning-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/feature-warning/feature-warning-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/feature-warning/feature-warning-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/feature-warning/feature-warning-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon/feature-icon.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon/feature-icon.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/change-anchor-target.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper-logic.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/group/collapsible-wrapper-logic.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hidden/hidden-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hidden/hidden-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-text/feature-icon-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/link-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/basic/hyperlink-default/hyperlink-default-base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/directives/paste-clipboard-image.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone-dragging.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/content-expand.animation.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-dialog/hyperlink-default-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-text/feature-icon-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-text/feature-icon-text.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-text/feature-icon-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-names.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/help-text/field-help-text.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dropzone-dragging.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/content-expand.animation.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/hyperlink-library-dialog/hyperlink-library-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/extended-fab-speed-dial/extended-fab-speed-dial.imports.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/dialog-popup/dialog-popup.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/expand-dialog/content-expand.animation.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/picker-dialog/picker-expandable-wrapper.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/wrappers.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit-debug.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-state.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/input-types/input-type-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/field-config-set.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/edit-types/src/BasicControlSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/field-injector.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/builder/injector-bundle.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/item-history/models/item-history-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/entry/edit-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-force-reload.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-url-params.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/feature-icon-indicator/feature-icon-indicator.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal-equals.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/wrappers/localization/translate-menu-dialog/translate-menu-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-disabled-warning-dialog/auto-translate-disabled-warning-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/auto-translate-menu-dialog/auto-translate-menu-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-translate.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-translate-menu/entity-translate-menu.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/field-init-specs.model.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldValue.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/field-init-specs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/field-init-specs.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-configs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-with-init.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/adam/adam-cache.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/validation/validation.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/fields-settings.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-builder.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/field-init-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/ui-control.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/field-value.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item-values-of-language.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/form-fields-sync.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/entity-form/entity-form-builder/field-init-specs.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/user/user-preferences.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/data-dump/data-dump.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/footer-preferences.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-dump/logs-dump.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/data-dump/data-dump.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/data-dump/data-dump.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/footer-preferences.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/edit-dialog-footer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/clipboard.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/designer-state.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/designer/formula-designer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/formula-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/results/formula-results.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/formulas/targets/formula-targets.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/content-types/content-type.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/state/item.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/formula-designer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/formula-designer/snippet-label-size.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-dump/logs-dump.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-dump/logs-dump.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-dump/logs-dump.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/logs-config.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/logs-config.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/logs-config.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/log-manager.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/logs-config.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/services/logging.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/logs-config.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/config-editor-dialog/config-editor-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/logs-config.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/specs-editor-dialog/specs-editor-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/config-editor-dialog/config-editor-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/clipboard.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/config-editor-dialog/config-editor-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/config-editor-dialog/config-editor-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/specs-editor-dialog/specs-editor-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/monaco-editor/monaco-editor.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/footer/logs-config/specs-editor-dialog/specs-editor-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/forms-state.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/edit-dialog-header.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/publish-status-dialog/publish-status-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-scoped.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/features-used-but-missing-dialog/features-used-but-unlicensed-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/services/feature-detail.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/clipboard.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/signals/signal.utilities.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/licence-info/feature-details-dialog/feature-details-dialog.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/models/feature.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/center-selected.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.helpers.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/mouse-scroll.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/show-shadows.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/center-selected.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/element-event-listener.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/language-switcher.helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-languages.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/mouse-scroll.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/element-event-listener.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/language-switcher/show-shadows.helper.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/element-event-listener.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/publish-status-dialog/publish-status-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/publish-status-dialog/publish-status-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-publishing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/publish-status-dialog/publish-status-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/edit-dialog-main.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/header/publish-status-dialog/publish-status-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/keyboard-shortcuts.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/form-slide.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/base.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/form-slide.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/form-slide.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/form-slide.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/form/form-config.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/form-slide.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/localization/language.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-save-errors/snack-bar-save-errors.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-save-errors/snack-bar-save-errors.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-unsaved-changes/snack-bar-unsaved-changes.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/dialog/main/snack-bar-unsaved-changes/snack-bar-unsaved-changes.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-reload.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-reload.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/helpers/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-reload.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-url-params.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-route-matchers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-route-matchers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/routing/edit-url-params.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-config.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/features/shared/base-feature.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/default-grid-options.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/sxc-grid-module/sxc-grid.module.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/confirm-delete-dialog/confirm-delete-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/confirm-delete-dialog/confirm-delete-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-actions/metadata-actions.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-actions/metadata-actions.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-content-type/metadata-content-type.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/models/metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/file-to-base64.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/services/content-items.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/content-items/models/content-item.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/drag-and-drop.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/installer-models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/context.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/getting-started.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/installer.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/base.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/file-upload-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/drag-and-drop.directive.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/base.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/getting-started.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/installer-models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/installer.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/installer-models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-type.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/content-types-fields.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/content-types.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/dialog-config-global.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app-parts.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/import-app-parts.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/pipelines.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/views.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/content-types.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/content-types.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/content-types.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/content-types.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-type.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/content-types.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/scopedetails.dto.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app-parts.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app-parts.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/content-info.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app-parts.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/import-app-parts.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/import-app-parts.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/import-app/services/import-app.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/import-app-parts.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/import-app-parts.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/import-app/services/import-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/import-app/services/import-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/import-app/services/import-app.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/export-app.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/app-info.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/pipelines.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/pipelines.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/file-to-base64.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/pipelines.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/pipelines.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/pipelines.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/query.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/query.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/query.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/query.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/permissions-count.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/views.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/file-upload-dialog/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/views.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/views.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/polymorphism.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/views.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view-usage.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/views.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view-usage.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view-usage-data.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/models/LightSpeedInfo.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/view.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/permissions-count.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/permissions-count.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/eav-type.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-info.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/field.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/go-to-permissions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/models/permission.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-dialog.config.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.routing.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/metadata.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/permissions.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/go-to-permissions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/go-to-permissions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.routing.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/edit.routing.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/dialog-entry/dialog-entry.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.routing.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-dialog.config.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/dialog-config.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-dialog.config.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/default-grid-options.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/url-prep.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/edit-form.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/modules/sxc-grid-module/sxc-grid.module.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/routing/dialog-routing.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/models/permission.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-actions/permissions-actions.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-actions/permissions-actions.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/permissions.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/models/app.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/dev-rest/api/true-false/true-false.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/dev-rest/api/true-false/true-false.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/boolean-filter/boolean-filter.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/id-field/id-field.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/id-field/id-field.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/column-definitions.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/apps-list-show/ag-bool-icon-renderer.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/models/app.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/apps-management/models/LightSpeedInfo.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/dev-rest/api/true-false/true-false.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/dev-rest/api/true-false/true-false.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/boolean-filter/boolean-filter.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/boolean-filter/boolean-filter.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/id-field/id-field.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/id-field/id-field.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/helpers/copy-to-clipboard.helper.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/id-field/id-field.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/id-field/id-field.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/apps-list-show/ag-bool-icon-renderer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/apps-list-show/ag-bool-icon-renderer.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/ag-grid/apps-list-show/ag-bool-icon-params.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/models/permission.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-actions/permissions-actions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/models/permission.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-actions/permissions-actions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-actions/permissions-actions.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/permissions-actions/permissions-actions.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/models/permission.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/permissions.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/permissions.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/entity-edit.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/permissions.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/models/permission.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/permissions.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/metadata.service.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/metadata.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/metadata.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/permissions/services/metadata.service.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/services/http-service-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/confirm-delete-dialog/confirm-delete-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/pipes/safe-html.pipe.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/confirm-delete-dialog/confirm-delete-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/confirm-delete-dialog/confirm-delete-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-actions/metadata-actions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/models/metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-actions/metadata-actions.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-actions/metadata-actions.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/models/metadata.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/models/eav/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-actions/metadata-actions.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/models/metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-content-type/metadata-content-type.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/tippy.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-content-type/metadata-content-type.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/models/metadata.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/app-administration/services/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/components/field-hint/field-hint.component.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/dropdown-insert-value.constant.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/constants/eav.constants.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/directives/click-stop-propagation.directive.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.component.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/metadata-save-dialog/metadata-save-dialog.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-unknown.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-unknown.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-unknown.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/fields/logic/field-logic-base.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/plumb-editor/plumb-editor.models.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/data-source-configs.models.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/data-sources.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/debug-stream-info.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/pipeline-result.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/pipeline.model.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/debug-stream-info.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/pipeline-result.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/index.ts
projects/eav-ui/src/app/visual-query/models/pipeline.model.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/metadata/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/raw-editor-options-extended.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/fields/input-type-catalog.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/edit-types/src/FieldSettings.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/display-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/edit-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/toolbar-parser.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/display-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-context-menu.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-tinymce-options.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-tinymce-plugins.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/defaults.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-toolbar-config.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/display-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/edit-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-features.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-context-menu.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-toolbar-config.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-toolbar-config.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/rich-wysiwyg.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/toolbar-parser.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/toolbar-parser.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/edit-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/toolbar-parser.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/rich-wysiwyg.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/toolbar-parser.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/types/wysiwyg-configurations.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/display-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/tinymce-content.scss
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/raw-editor-options-extended.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/translation-loader.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/tinymce-configurator.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/wysiwyg-configuration-manager.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/add-on-settings.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-context-menu.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-tinymce-paste.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/index.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-toolbar-config.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/defaults/default-tinymce-paste.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/translation-loader.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/models/eav-window.model.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-blocks.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-bullets.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-dialog.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-formatting.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-headings.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-img.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-links.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-everything-to-registry.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-wysiwyg-sections.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/image-center.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/image-left.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/image-right.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/split-0.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/split-l.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/split-m.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/rich/split-s.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/content-block.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/file-dnn.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/H1.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/H2.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/H3.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/H4.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/H5.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/H6.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/image-dnn.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/U1.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/U2.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/U3.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/U4.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/U5.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/2sxc/U6.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/font-awesome/anchor.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/font-awesome/file-pdf.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/font-awesome/file.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/font-awesome/sitemap.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/google-material/baseline-school-24px.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/google-material/branding-watermark-24px.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/load-icons.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/assets/icons/tinymce/paragraph.svg
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/display-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/edit-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/raw-editor-options-extended.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-blocks.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-blocks.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/shared/guid.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-blocks.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-bullets.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-bullets.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-dialog.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-dialog.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-formatting.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-formatting.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-headings.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-headings.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-img.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-img.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/rich-wysiwyg.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-img.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/shared/models.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-img.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-links.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-links.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-links.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-modes.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-modes.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/edit-modes.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-modes.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-wysiwyg-sections.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/buttons.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-wysiwyg-sections.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/constants/rich-wysiwyg.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-wysiwyg-sections.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/config/ui-registry/add-to-registry-base.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor-helpers.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/rxJs/mapUntilChanged.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/fix-menu-positions.helper.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/edit/shared/controls/element-event-listener.model.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts → projects/eav-ui/src/app/shared/logging/index.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/editor/editor-helpers.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/shared/helpers.ts
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.html
projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.ts → projects/field-string-wysiwyg/src/preview/preview.scss
